LEGAL NOTICE



This program (the apfloat source code and documentation) is freeware. This
means that you can freely use, distribute, modify and compile it, but you
can't sell it or any part of it. Basically you can do anything with it, but
the program or any part of it will always be free. That is you can't charge
money or other valuables or services for it.

Although you can use this program freely, it would perhaps be considered to
be good manners to give the original author credit for his work, if this
program is ever used for anything useful or remarkable.

The author takes no responsibility whatsoever for any damage or harm that
could result from using this program. The program has been thoroughly
tested, so using it should be fairly safe. However, executing it as root is
perhaps not a very good idea.



Once more (a standard disclaimer):

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. THE ENTIRE RISK
AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE PRODUCT IS WITH YOU. SHOULD THE
PRODUCT PROVE DEFECTIVE, YOU ASSUME THE COST OF ALL NECESSARY SERVICING,
REPAIR OR CORRECTION.

IN NO EVENT WILL MIKKO TOMMILA, THE AUTHOR OF THIS SOFTWARE, OR ANY OTHER
PARTY WHO MAY HAVE REDISTRIBUTED THE PRODUCT AS PERMITTED ABOVE, BE LIABLE
TO YOU FOR DAMAGES, INCLUDING ANY GENERAL, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR INABILITY TO USE THE
PRODUCT (INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO LOSS OF DATA OR DATA BEING RENDERED
INACCURATE OR LOSSES SUSTAINED BY YOU OR THIRD PARTIES OR A FAILURE OF THE
PRODUCT TO OPERATE WITH ANY OTHER PROGRAMS), EVEN IF SUCH HOLDER OR OTHER
PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.



Whew. Anyway, I have no money, so suing me makes no sense.
